Fang Yan, go prepare something to eat first for Madam,
She stayed in the hospital for several days and received,
Yes, no need.
I don't want to eat, so I can rest assured for a while.
You want to be real and starve yourself to death.
You can also let go from this, mom still has to think about the pattern.
Think about it this way, look at you now,
You can take care of her, but you won't be here even if this child dies.
You're alive, but you can't do anything, I threw her down.
Become a tool for us to pay stably at both times,
She can only be too like me,
I'll be tied to you, Wolf Wolf, by my side for the rest of my life.
You and we are now
Go back anytime
But someone must follow the walking platform to break through
Are you afraid that I will take it for granted?
You can rest assured that you still have body and soul sins
Know I can't
As long as you take good care of this child
I'll put it here
Then you are willing to let me go